License Agreement

Please read the following license carefully:

This is a legal agreement between you, the end user, and Michael Bartl.
viPlugin (the "Software") is owned by Michael Bartl and is protected by copyright
law. Upon acceptance of the terms of this License Agreement, your rights and
obligations with respect to use of the Software are as follows.

These rights are in supplement of international copyright law and the
requirements of local laws and treaties.

Michael Bartl grants you a non-exclusive, nontransferable license to use one
copy of the enclosed viPlugin Software program on multiple computers for your
personal use on the understanding that a single person uses each licensed copy.
Purchasers of the Software are therefore licensed to use it themselves on
multiple computer at a time, and to make a single backup copy for their own
use. No other license is given. In particular, The Software may not be installed
on a computer network for use by more than one person unless a valid license is
acquired for each person who will use the Software over the network. The
Software may not be rented or leased to others, and the conditions of this sale
apply to the purchaser in any resale.


COPYRIGHT.

The Software and Documentation are copyrighted by Michael Bartl and are
protected by international copyright laws. The product contains copyrighted
software of Michael Bartl. All rights reserved. You agree not to remove any
trademarks or copyright notices from the Software or Documentation.

OTHER RESTRICTIONS. 

You may not disclose, publish, translate, rent, lease, transfer, export or
otherwise make the Software available in any form, to any person or entity,
except as expressly licensed herein. You may not reverse engineer, decompile
or disassemble the Software.

SOFTWARE SOURCE CODE.

You are allowed to modify the source code for your own use, but you are not
allowed to give, rent or sell the source code or any compilation of it to any
third party.

RUNTIME RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.

You (a) cannot use Michael Bartl or related names, logos or trademarks to
market your software without express written permission; and (b) agree to
indemnify, hold harmless and defend Michael Bartl from and against any claims
or lawsuits, including attorneys' fees, that arise or result from the use or
distribution of your software. The license in this section is royalty-free
provided that your software application product is created using the Software.
Please contact Michael Bartl for the applicable licensing terms for all other
uses and/or distribution.

IN NO EVENT SHALL MICHAEL BARTL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT OR ANY OTHER
DAMAGE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
OTHER DAMAGES. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
MICHAEL BARTL SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE.

MICHAEL BARTL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS
OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

GOVERNING LAW.

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Austria, without regard to
conflict of laws principles. This Agreement may only be modified by a written
document signed by the party or parties to be bound. Except as may be
specified in such a written agreement, this is the entire agreement between
you and Michael Bartl and all other terms are rejected. You agree not to use,
ship, or export the Software in violation of law.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT.

You agree that this Agreement expresses the entire understanding between you
and Michael Bartl, and supersedes all other communications, oral or written,
relating to the Software.

COPYRIGHT 2004-2009  MICHAEL BARTL

MANUFACTURER: 
Michael Bartl
Strauchgasse 6 
Moosbrunn, 2440 Austria
